Webin cli api (#22)
enasequence/ena-browser-documentation: help_and_guides/sars-cov-2-submissions.rst

=====================
If submitting assemblies, you must have registered a study and a sample beforehand. It is also advised that the associated read data is also submitted. For instructions on assembly submission view our `Assembly Submission Guide <https://ena-docs.readthedocs.io/en/latest/submit/assembly.html>`_.

Assemblies can only be submitted using `Webin-CLI program <https://ena-docs.readthedocs.io/en/latest/submit/general-guide/webin-cli.html>`_ or `Webin SARS-CoV-2 Genome Submission Web API <https://ena-browser-docs.readthedocs.io/en/latest/help_and_guides/Webin-Cli_SARS-CoV-2_Genome_Submission_REST_API.html>`_ 

> In case of `Webin-CLI program <https://ena-docs.readthedocs.io/en/latest/submit/general-guide/webin-cli.html>`_ `-context genome` need to be used.  During the process, you must define metadata in the `manifest file(s) <https://ena-docs.readthedocs.io/en/latest/submit/assembly/genome.html#manifest-files>`_. Please specify ‘COVID-19 outbreak’ as the ‘ASSEMBLY_TYPE’.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case of `Webin-CLI program <https://ena-docs.readthedocs.io/en/latest/submit/general-guide/webin-cli.html>`_ `-context genome` should be used.  During the process, you must define metadata in the `manifest file(s) <https://ena-docs.readthedocs.io/en/latest/submit/assembly/genome.html#manifest-files>`_. Please specify ‘COVID-19 outbreak’ as the ‘ASSEMBLY_TYPE’.
```
